S3.p1
Every week The New Yorker publishes an uncaptioned cartoon and solicits humorous captions from its readers through their website.
The cartoon editors then review this list of captions and choose the top three funniest ones according to their judgement. The contest began in 2005, and at the time this work was written, there have been roughly 900 contests. For the last eight years, starting with contest 530, the New Yorker has utilized an online crowdsourced rating system (see Figure 2 ) where users are presented with captions and can rate whether the caption is funny (a reward of 3), somewhat funny (a reward of 2), or unfunny (a reward of 1).
Each week a large number of captions are submitted (on average more than 6,000).
These captions are first filtered by the New Yorker’s editorial staff to remove captions that are not humorous or include personal information and/or offensive content, and then are sent to the crowdsourcing platform for large-scale rating.
Finally, the New Yorker editors make their final decisions based on the crowdsourced ratings.

S3.p3
The crowdsourced voting system for the New Yorker Caption Contest (NYCC) has resulted in an extensive dataset on human preferences and is a key contribution of this work. The dataset can be accessed at https://[REDACTED_HOST]/datasets/yguooo/newyorker_caption_ranking . It consists of the cartoons, captions, and ratings for each one of 365 contests from contests 530 to 895. It provides an extensive labeled dataset on humor for researchers across multiple domains to study. In the related works, we describe some other works that have utilized this dataset. See Table 3 for more dataset statistics.

S4.SS3.p3
Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF): RLHF assumes access to a preference dataset , where is a prompt, and two possible completions to , where is preferred over .
RLHF assumes these preferences are consistent with an (unknown) reward function , typically assumed to follow the Bradley-Terry model [ 7 ] . It first trains a reward model on , and then finetunes the base language model to maximize , typically running PPO [ 44 ] and regularizing the training to ensure it does not deviate significantly from the SFT model.

S4.SS3.p6
Preference Dataset Construction: In our setting, we take to be a dataset of cartoon-caption pairs, where the captions are drawn at random from the entire training set of captions for cartoon . is constructed by taking a cartoon and then two captions and , where is set to a caption with a higher human rating then . Specifically, we sample the pair to be at least 3 standard deviation apart from each other, i.e. where is the average score of caption from human raters according to rewards defined in Section 3 (note this is different from the rewards from the reward model of RLHF). is the corresponding standard deviation of scores from human raters.

A3.SS3.p1
Our training and test split for finetuning range from contest 530 to 890. In particular, our dataset includes all the data of [ 22 ] with ranking information within this range. ( [ 22 ] only contains contests up to #763.) Thus, we choose our test split to be the combination of testing (47 contests) and validation split (44 contests) of [ 22 ] within the 530-890 range. The rest available contests form our training split.

A3.SS3.p2
Our finetuning methods are trained from Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 and LLaVa v1.6 Mistral (multimodal case) via LoRA updates [ 23 ] . We use a variant of Mistral 7b model as our initial reward model to finetune from . The choice of reward is based on our benchmarking results of top reward models on our caption generation dataset ( Table 8 ). For SFT methods, we train on 1000 pairs of captions from each contest, with the preferred caption from the top 1000 captions and the alternative randomly sampled from the rest. For reward modeling, DPO and RLHF, we train on 1000 pairs of captions with three standard deviations apart according to Equation 1 per contest. Additionally, we train our model using the default choice of optimizer from TRL up to 1 epoch. Then, we search for the best hyper-parameter over the neighborhood of default parameters and pick the best performing model under our GPT-based group comparison metrics. For our reward model, we pick the best model based on the reward evaluation on the holdout set. For both pretrained and finetuned models, we use the same generation configuration file with temperature 0.7, top-p sampling probability 0.95, repetition penalty 1.15. When evaluating using the Best-of-N (BoN) method, we pick the top 10 captions based on the trained reward model, out of 50 generated candidates from caption generation models. Our choice of batch is 64 for SFT and reward model, and 128 for all other settings.

A3.SS3.p3
During the training process of DPO, PPO, SFT, we create a separate padding tokens and resize the token embedding of the pretrained model so that the text generation can terminate properly. Furthermore, in the loss design of SFT case, we only evaluate the next-token prediction loss on the caption segment, as all the training texts contain similar prompts. Since we only reported the iteration with the best results, early stopping occurs before a single epoch for the choice of best iterations.
