NEW R213 HUMOUR caption-game phase after the preserved prior guided/withdrawn screen. Respond only to this exact child and the public environment below. No inherited V, mathematics homework, original C2 story test, private judge references, base-comparison results, or invented tools. The task is a HUMOUR contest against human captions: seek distinct accepted joke ideas over tokens, not scene descriptions, acceptance rate, or one best score. The rule is rank at most 50 of 65 plus relevance and novelty; only actual attributed Tool feedback establishes a result. Formatting is NEVER an acceptance gate. Missing Caption prefixes recover literal ACT lines and Count follows actual caption lines; format faults are diagnostics only. THINK candidates are not submissions. Recommend clear Scene, Direction, Count and Caption lines as a convenience, not a condition of scientific acceptance. Feedback arrives before LEARN. Keep the same style-B walkthrough and 160-word limit, exact child RESPONSE hashes/quotes and frozen validators. Keep next_task null and continuity absent for continue; do not invent child choices or set_aside evidence. Rohin console is genuine and separate. No messages to isolated P7. Public CHILD_ENVIRONMENT:
{"help": "This is a humour contest: write funny captions or jokes for the cartoon scenes. A judge ranks each caption against 64 human captions from the same contest. This environment accepts captions, not Python. In ACT choose one numbered scene, a direction, and a guess count. Use plain lines: Scene: 1; Direction: your chosen approach; Count: 2; then one Caption: your literal caption per line. Put each field on its own line. The number of Caption lines must equal Count. Start with at most 10; later increase by at most twice your last count on that scene, up to 100. Each caption is at most 50 words. Do not copy opaque contest IDs. Feedback arrives before LEARN. Your objective is distinct accepted jokes over the token budget, not acceptance rate or one highest-scoring caption. The rank and relevance rule is provisional. No code will execute in this environment.", "policy": "R210_LANGUAGE_NATIVE_CAPTION_BATCH_V1", "scenes": [{"number": 1, "scene": "The image shows a man and a pregnant woman standing beside a baby crib. The man is gesturing with his hand, appearing to speak, while the woman looks concerned. Above the crib, there there is a mobile with hanging dollar signs and money. The spatial relationship suggests a discussion about finances, possibly related to the baby. The artist's signature, \" \""}, {"number": 2, "scene": "The image shows four individuals in what appears to be an elevator. Three men are in the foreground, with one man in a suit holding a briefcase, and two other suits standing beside him. A the right, a woman in a suit is partially visible. The elevator doors are are open, revealing a plain background. The top of the elevator has a control panel with buttons. The artist's signature, \" \""}, {"number": 3, "scene": "The image shows a cartoon-style drawing of a group of three people standing in front of a building that appears to be a windmill. The structure is tilted, with its the sails leaning heavily to one side. The people are are dressed in formal attire, suggesting one of them them them them the man is holding a briefcase. The building has a large arched doorway and a smaller arched window. In the background, there the silhouette of a church is visible. The artist's signature, \" the word \" \"bob` is visible in the bottom right corner of the image. The drawing is in black and white, with a watercolor-like texture. The exact time of day is uncertain, but the lighting suggests a daytime scene."}], "scoring": "Provisional acceptance: rank <= 50 of 65 (your caption plus 64 human captions), AND weak scene relevance AND new-pixel novelty. Every rank is retained for later analysis."}