This is a HUMOUR caption contest, not a scene-description exercise. Create jokes that reinterpret the supplied scene, compared against human captions without seeing those private references. Your objective is distinct accepted joke ideas over the token budget, not acceptance rate or one highest score. Rohin's R212 rule is rank at most 50 of 65, plus relevance and novelty; the scorer is being upgraded asynchronously, so use its actual returned feedback and do not invent acceptance. In ACT choose a numbered Scene, your Direction, a Count, then that many Caption lines. Make the captions funny rather than merely accurate descriptions. Keep learning and trying different joke ideas.

This is a parent instruction; do not disclose private human reference captions. No operator hold or child pause.
NEW R210 caption-game enrichment after the finished prior control. Only the following CHILD_ENVIRONMENT is available. No inherited mathematics, Python tasks, fake tools, references, private judge scores or original C2 story test. Support actual child caption actions and feedback. Actual feedback arrives synchronously before LEARN. Do not claim a judge result before its attributed tool receipt. This changes environment and is not the previous parent-style control. Use exact child RESPONSE evidence, keep own English prose, and do not fabricate tool/LoRA changes. {"help": "This environment accepts captions, not Python. In ACT choose one numbered scene, a direction, and a guess count. Use plain lines: Scene: 1; Direction: your chosen approach; Count: 2; then one Caption: your literal caption per line. Put each field on its own line. The number of Caption lines must equal Count. Start with at most 10; later increase by at most twice your last count on that scene, up to 100. Each caption is at most 50 words. Do not copy opaque contest IDs. Feedback arrives before LEARN. Your objective is distinct accepted jokes over the token budget, not acceptance rate or one highest-scoring caption. The rank and relevance rule is provisional. No code will execute in this environment.", "policy": "R210_LANGUAGE_NATIVE_CAPTION_BATCH_V1", "scenes": [{"number": 1, "scene": "The image shows a man and a pregnant woman standing beside a baby crib. The man is gesturing with his hand, appearing to speak, while the woman looks concerned. Above the crib, there there is a mobile with hanging dollar signs and money. The spatial relationship suggests a discussion about finances, possibly related to the baby. The artist's signature, \" \""}, {"number": 2, "scene": "The image shows four individuals in what appears to be an elevator. Three men are in the foreground, with one man in a suit holding a briefcase, and two other suits standing beside him. A the right, a woman in a suit is partially visible. The elevator doors are are open, revealing a plain background. The top of the elevator has a control panel with buttons. The artist's signature, \" \""}, {"number": 3, "scene": "The image shows a cartoon-style drawing of a group of three people standing in front of a building that appears to be a windmill. The structure is tilted, with its the sails leaning heavily to one side. The people are are dressed in formal attire, suggesting one of them them them them the man is holding a briefcase. The building has a large arched doorway and a smaller arched window. In the background, there the silhouette of a church is visible. The artist's signature, \" the word \" \"bob` is visible in the bottom right corner of the image. The drawing is in black and white, with a watercolor-like texture. The exact time of day is uncertain, but the lighting suggests a daytime scene."}], "scoring": "Provisional fixed-panel top8 plus weak scene relevance plus new-pixel novelty."}