VERBATIM USER DIRECTION (2026-09-05)

"hmm do you think there is muhc to change here, what cna be changed, i think this mgiht be mroe prgoress for me than for you to tyr somehtign expleicyty becuas ehow does dream work how is context manged, how is sleep comping, the htink is alreyd sosmoehtign weve dcied acutally yea the htink parenitng is acutal a real sorta impeltnaotin on kickstatnign theknwo how to think, but how is context crecompflined ... maybe how to dream isnt a literactl funcoitn btu rather somehting we teach the mdoel how to do so that it can keep good track of the context and it end sup elarnign how to do it wowk thats amazing, yep thats sperfect, learneid ocntext maanagement ... the acutal sleeping might not even be that differnt, it mgith be sorta just a heavy dream dreamd dream bbtu youre dremaign the compled data rather than the context and then write ..."

"yea so sbaiclaly what were doing here is figuroeut out how to utilziese parametric meormoy to have dmoels become prostpetive and thougth intlelginet, we have all this heavy heavy experiecment data which incldues hting sing and world buidlign, we kick start with imrpaotnt firnoitnaotin and then let the agent grow up ... the hard parts, how do we get this lora to work well, how do we teach tis agent well ... so thats just trial and error, figuroig out how tot teach the mdoel, and makegin gsure were writing well and our loop is efffective and then postrriagning psotringin untli weve foudn a thiniing agent that is able to learn with its lora"

"yes this is grat, i thin imigth have o parent this thing once you prove to me were at a poitn that its wroth my time, so you try the aprenting first, you dotn have to get it right just giet it good neough, and hten we difure out some sort of parentign gym that ill come up with to help the model learn to hink ... final sorta test is the rohin parented thinking agent versus a reguarl agetn ... there will be some sorta aysmteptotote of self learning without more teahcign ... youd neeed a spotltuoi of diverse thinkers and lernign form that idveirsty nad comeptiton to get thikign qualitty that is on order of magntinude more capabel than the parent"

OBJECTIVE-BOUND PPC3 REWORK DISPOSITION (agent decision, not attributed as a
verbatim user ruling)

1. Bind every inherited normative protocol/change byte under an explicit
   precedence order.
2. Separate ACQUISITION from PROBE items; only acquisition events can write.
3. Use least-privilege operation admission and canonical root metadata.
4. Compare memory substrates under the same DECIDE/ACT policy adapter and exact
   READ interface; match positive training exposure for component contrasts.
5. Require a provisional typed DREAM schema commitment before confirming
   experience and SLEEP eligibility; implicit post-hoc schema inference is not
   sufficient for a dreaming-formed-theory claim.
6. Register distinct behavioral execution and numeric gates while keeping the
   current requested authority entirely CPU/no-model.
7. Parenting remains a future experiment after basic experiential teachability.

